context/skill-events/README.md, before:

# Alexa List Events Project

In the list sample project. We'll cover integration of a skill with SMAPI

## What You Will Learn
*  [AWS Lambda](http://aws.amazon.com/lambda)
*  [Alexa Skills Kit (ASK)](https://developer.amazon.com/alexa-skills-kit)
*  [SMAPI](https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/docs/ask-cli-intro)
*  Lists for Alexa Skills

## What You Will Need
*  [Amazon Developer Portal Account](http://developer.amazon.com)
*  [Amazon Web Services Account](http://aws.amazon.com/)
*  [ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/docs/quick-start-alexa-skills-kit-command-line-interface)
*  [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)
*  The sample code on [GitHub](https://github.com/Alexa/alexa-cookbook/context/skill-events).

## What your skill will do
Customers can add items to their Alexa lists using their voice or through the Alexa app. Your skill will subscribe to the `AlexaHouseholdListEvent.ItemsCreated`, `AlexaHouseholdListEvent.ItemsUpdated` and `AlexaHouseholdListEvent.ItemsDeleted` events. Your skill will call the List API to retrieve the list item details and log them to the console.

When a user enables a skill within the Alexa app, the user will be prompted to provide consent for list read permissions. This is so your skill can retrieve list item details when a user add, updates or removes an item from one of their Alexa lists. This code can be extended to sync with your list service so that a customer's Alexa list will stay in sync with your service.

## Prerequisites

The ASK Command Line Interface (ASK CLI) is a tool for you to manage your Alexa skills and related AWS Lambda functions.  You'll need to [install and initialize the ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/docs/command-line-usage-instructions)

Ensure that you've set up both your AWS user account and Amazon Developer account with the ASK CLI

## Deploying your skill

From the terminal on your computer

1. **Clone the alexa cookbook**

    `git clone https://github.com/alexa/alexa-cookbook.git`

2. **Navigate to the skill-events skill folder and install dependencies**

    `cd alexa-cookbook/context/skill-events/lambda/custom` on Linux/Unix

    or

    `cd alexa-cookbook\context\skill-events\lambda\custom` on Windows

    To install the skill's dependencies, run `npm install`

3. **Deploy the skill**

    Move back to the root directory of the skill

    `cd ../..` on Linux/Unix

    or

    `cd ..\..` on Windows

    Then run `ask deploy` (Note: we're using the default profile here, if you've specified a profile name you'll need to use the `-p, --profile <profile>  ask cli profile` option)

    ```
    > ask deploy
    -------------------- Update Skill Project --------------------
    Skill Id: ######
    Skill deployment finished.
    Model deployment finished.
    Lambda deployment finished.```

    This will create a lambda function, create the skill model and link the skill to your lambda function

4.  **Go to http://aws.amazon.com and sign in to the console.**

    <a href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home" target="_new"><img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/general/2-1-sign-in-to-the-console._TTH_.png" /></a>

5.  **Click "Services" at the top of the screen, and type "Lambda" in the search box.**  You can also find Lambda in the list of services.  It is in the "Compute" section.

    <a href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/lambda/home" target="_new"><img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/general/2-2-services-lambda._TTH_.png" /></a>

6. **Click on your function and look for the ARN value from in the top right corner. Copy this value for use in the next section of the guide.**

    <img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/2-12-copy-ARN._TTH_.png" />

7. **Modify Skill Manifest to subscribe to skill events.** Add the following JSON to the skill Manifest, found in the `context/skill-events` folder. Include it as a child of the skill manifest object.

```
    "skillManifest" : {
        "events" : {
            "endpoint": {
                "uri": "### TODO: FILL IN WITH YOUR LAMBDA ARN ###"
            },
            "subscriptions": [
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_ENABLED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_DISABLED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_PERMISSION_ACCEPTED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_PERMISSION_CHANGED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_ACCOUNT_LINKED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "ITEMS_CREATED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "ITEMS_UPDATED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "ITEMS_DELETED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "LIST_CREATED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "LIST_UPDATED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "LIST_DELETED"
            }
            ]
        }
    }
```


8. **Register skill events to your Skill's ARN**

   Replace the `TODO : FILL IN YOUR LAMBDA ARN` with the ARN you retrieved on Step 6. Your skill manifest should now look like this:
```
{
  "skillManifest": {
    "publishingInformation": {
      "locales": {
        "en-US": {
          "summary": "Sample Short Description",
          "examplePhrases": [
            "Alexa open hello world",
            "Alexa tell hello world I am Jeff",
            "Alexa tell hello world my name is Peter"
          ],
          "name": "household-list",
          "description": "Sample Full Description"
        }
      },
      "isAvailableWorldwide": true,
      "testingInstructions": "Sample Testing Instructions.",
      "category": "EDUCATION_AND_REFERENCE",
      "distributionCountries": []
    },
    "apis": {
      "custom": {
        "endpoint": {
          "sourceDir": "lambda/custom"
        }
      },
      "householdList" : {
      }
    },
    "permissions": [
      { "name": "alexa::household:lists:read" }
    ],
    "events": {
     "endpoint": {
        "uri": "### TODO: FILL IN WITH YOUR LAMBDA ARN ###"
     },
     "subscriptions": [
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_ENABLED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_DISABLED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_PERMISSION_ACCEPTED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_PERMISSION_CHANGED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_ACCOUNT_LINKED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "ITEMS_CREATED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "ITEMS_UPDATED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "ITEMS_DELETED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "LIST_CREATED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "LIST_UPDATED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "LIST_DELETED"
        }
      ]
    },
    "manifestVersion": "1.0"
  }
}
```

9. **Deploy Updated Skill Manifest**

    Run `ask deploy` again to update your skill's manifest and subcribe your skill to list and skill lifecyle events

    ```
    > ask deploy
    -------------------- Update Skill Project --------------------
    Skill Id: ######
    Skill deployment finished.
    Model deployment finished.
    Lambda deployment finished.```

10. **Test your Skill**

    The Service Simulator is not a device, so it cannot be used to test household list events. Use an actual device for testing by saying
    `Alexa, add bread to my shopping list`.

    If you look in the cloudwatch logs -- you'll see that the event was received by your skill:

    `2017-08-30T06:33:14.989Z	1925b897-8d4d-11e7-bef4-e3bc239a4867	bread was added to Alexa shopping list`

- **Next Steps!**

    - Modify the handlers in the skill `lambda/custom/index.js` to integrate with your list service.
    - Leverage the `AlexaSkillEvent.SkillAccountLinked` event to enable a two-way sync between your list service and an Alexa list.

Commit message:

link developer portal for skill events and list events in readme

context/skill-events/README.md, after:

# Alexa List Events Project

In the list sample project. We'll cover integration of a skill with SMAPI

## What You Will Learn
*  [AWS Lambda](http://aws.amazon.com/lambda)
*  [Alexa Skills Kit (ASK)](https://developer.amazon.com/alexa-skills-kit)
*  [SMAPI](https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/docs/ask-cli-intro)
*  Lists for Alexa Skills

## What You Will Need
*  [Amazon Developer Portal Account](http://developer.amazon.com)
*  [Amazon Web Services Account](http://aws.amazon.com/)
*  [ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/docs/quick-start-alexa-skills-kit-command-line-interface)
*  [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)
*  The sample code on [GitHub](https://github.com/Alexa/alexa-cookbook/context/skill-events).

## What your skill will do
Customers can create their own list, update and delete the list using their voice or through the Alexa app. Customers can also add items to the Alexa lists or their own lists. Your skill will subscribe to the `AlexaHouseholdListEvent.ListCreated`, `AlexaHouseholdListEvent.ListUpdated`, `AlexaHouseholdListEvent.ListDeleted`, `AlexaHouseholdListEvent.ItemsCreated`, `AlexaHouseholdListEvent.ItemsUpdated` and `AlexaHouseholdListEvent.ItemsDeleted` events. Your skill will call the List API to retrieve the list and list item details and log them to the console.

When a user enables a skill within the Alexa app, the user will be prompted to provide consent for list read permissions. This is so your skill can retrieve list item details when a user add, updates or removes an item from one of their Alexa lists. This code can be extended to sync with your list service so that a customer's Alexa list will stay in sync with your service.

## Prerequisites

The ASK Command Line Interface (ASK CLI) is a tool for you to manage your Alexa skills and related AWS Lambda functions.  You'll need to [install and initialize the ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/docs/command-line-usage-instructions)

Ensure that you've set up both your AWS user account and Amazon Developer account with the ASK CLI

## Deploying your skill

From the terminal on your computer

1. **Clone the alexa cookbook**

    `git clone https://github.com/alexa/alexa-cookbook.git`

2. **Navigate to the skill-events skill folder and install dependencies**

    `cd alexa-cookbook/context/skill-events/lambda/custom` on Linux/Unix

    or

    `cd alexa-cookbook\context\skill-events\lambda\custom` on Windows

    To install the skill's dependencies, run `npm install`

3. **Deploy the skill**

    Move back to the root directory of the skill

    `cd ../..` on Linux/Unix

    or

    `cd ..\..` on Windows

    Then run `ask deploy` (Note: we're using the default profile here, if you've specified a profile name you'll need to use the `-p, --profile <profile>  ask cli profile` option)

    ```
    > ask deploy
    -------------------- Update Skill Project --------------------
    Skill Id: ######
    Skill deployment finished.
    Model deployment finished.
    Lambda deployment finished.```

    This will create a lambda function, create the skill model and link the skill to your lambda function

4.  **Go to http://aws.amazon.com and sign in to the console.**

    <a href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/console/home" target="_new"><img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/general/2-1-sign-in-to-the-console._TTH_.png" /></a>

5.  **Click "Services" at the top of the screen, and type "Lambda" in the search box.**  You can also find Lambda in the list of services.  It is in the "Compute" section.

    <a href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/lambda/home" target="_new"><img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/general/2-2-services-lambda._TTH_.png" /></a>

6. **Click on your function and look for the ARN value from in the top right corner. Copy this value for use in the next section of the guide.**

    <img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/2-12-copy-ARN._TTH_.png" />

7. **Modify Skill Manifest to subscribe to skill events.** Add the following JSON to the skill Manifest, found in the `context/skill-events` folder. Include it as a child of the skill manifest object.

```
    "skillManifest" : {
        "events" : {
            "endpoint": {
                "uri": "### TODO: FILL IN WITH YOUR LAMBDA ARN ###"
            },
            "subscriptions": [
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_ENABLED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_DISABLED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_PERMISSION_ACCEPTED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_PERMISSION_CHANGED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "SKILL_ACCOUNT_LINKED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "ITEMS_CREATED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "ITEMS_UPDATED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "ITEMS_DELETED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "LIST_CREATED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "LIST_UPDATED"
            },
            {
                "eventName": "LIST_DELETED"
            }
            ]
        }
    }
```


8. **Register skill events to your Skill's ARN**

   Replace the `TODO : FILL IN YOUR LAMBDA ARN` with the ARN you retrieved on Step 6. Your skill manifest should now look like this:
```
{
  "skillManifest": {
    "publishingInformation": {
      "locales": {
        "en-US": {
          "summary": "Sample Short Description",
          "examplePhrases": [
            "Alexa open hello world",
            "Alexa tell hello world I am Jeff",
            "Alexa tell hello world my name is Peter"
          ],
          "name": "household-list",
          "description": "Sample Full Description"
        }
      },
      "isAvailableWorldwide": true,
      "testingInstructions": "Sample Testing Instructions.",
      "category": "EDUCATION_AND_REFERENCE",
      "distributionCountries": []
    },
    "apis": {
      "custom": {
        "endpoint": {
          "sourceDir": "lambda/custom"
        }
      },
      "householdList" : {
      }
    },
    "permissions": [
      { "name": "alexa::household:lists:read" }
    ],
    "events": {
     "endpoint": {
        "uri": "### TODO: FILL IN WITH YOUR LAMBDA ARN ###"
     },
     "subscriptions": [
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_ENABLED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_DISABLED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_PERMISSION_ACCEPTED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_PERMISSION_CHANGED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "SKILL_ACCOUNT_LINKED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "ITEMS_CREATED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "ITEMS_UPDATED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "ITEMS_DELETED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "LIST_CREATED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "LIST_UPDATED"
        },
        {
          "eventName": "LIST_DELETED"
        }
      ]
    },
    "manifestVersion": "1.0"
  }
}
```

9. **Deploy Updated Skill Manifest**

    Run `ask deploy` again to update your skill's manifest and subcribe your skill to list and skill lifecyle events

    ```
    > ask deploy
    -------------------- Update Skill Project --------------------
    Skill Id: ######
    Skill deployment finished.
    Model deployment finished.
    Lambda deployment finished.```

10. **Test your Skill**

    The Service Simulator is not a device, so it cannot be used to test household list events. Use an actual device for testing by saying
    `Alexa, add bread to my shopping list`.

    If you look in the cloudwatch logs -- you'll see that the event was received by your skill:

    `2017-08-30T06:33:14.989Z	1925b897-8d4d-11e7-bef4-e3bc239a4867	bread was added to Alexa shopping list`

- **More Information**
    For more information, you can check the documentation in [Alexa develper portal][https://developer.amazon.com/]: 
    - [Skill Events in Alexa Skills](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/skill-events-in-alexa-skills.html)
    - [List Events in Alexa Skills](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/list-events-in-alexa-skills.html)

- **Next Steps!**

    - Modify the handlers in the skill `lambda/custom/index.js` to integrate with your list service.
    - Leverage the `AlexaSkillEvent.SkillAccountLinked` event to enable a two-way sync between your list service and an Alexa list.
