feature-demos/skill-demo-apl-interactive-button/README.md, before:

# Interactive APL Button Demo
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/header._TTH_.png" />

This is a tutorial that demonstrates how to implement an interactive APL (Alexa Presentation Language) button.

## What You Will Need
*  [Amazon Developer Account](http://developer.amazon.com/alexa)
*  [Amazon Web Services Account](http://aws.amazon.com/)
*  [ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/quick-start-alexa-skills-kit-command-line-interface.html)
*  The sample code on [GitHub](https://github.com/alexa/alexa-cookbook/tree/master/feature-demos/skill-demo-customer-profile/).


## Setting Up the Demo
This folder contains the interaction model and skill code.  It is structured to make it easy to deploy if you have the ASK CLI already setup.  If you would like to use the Developer Portal, you can follow the steps outlined in the [Hello World](https://github.com/alexa/skill-sample-nodejs-hello-world) example, substituting the [Model](./models/en-US.json) and the [skill code](./lambda/custom/index.js) when called for.

## Running the Demo

To start the demo say "alexa open button demo".

Commit message:

Update set up instructions to include steps for creating an apl folder and apl document

feature-demos/skill-demo-apl-interactive-button/README.md, after:

# Interactive APL Button Demo
<img src="https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/mobile-apps/dex/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/tutorials/quiz-game/header._TTH_.png" />

This is a tutorial that demonstrates how to implement an interactive APL (Alexa Presentation Language) button.

## What You Will Need
*  [Amazon Developer Account](http://developer.amazon.com/alexa)
*  [Amazon Web Services Account](http://aws.amazon.com/)
*  [ASK CLI](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/smapi/quick-start-alexa-skills-kit-command-line-interface.html)
*  The sample code on [GitHub](https://github.com/alexa/alexa-cookbook/tree/master/feature-demos/skill-demo-customer-profile/).

## Setting Up the Demo

This folder contains the (1) interaction model, (2) APL document and (3) skill code.  It is structured to make it easy to deploy if you have the ASK CLI already setup.  

If you would like to use the Developer Portal, you can 

1. follow the steps outlined in the [Hello World](https://github.com/alexa/skill-sample-nodejs-hello-world) example
1. substituting the [Model](./models/en-US.json)
1. create an `./lambda/custom/apl` folder
1. add [button.json](./lambda/custom/apl/button.json) to the `apl` folder
1. add [skill code](./lambda/custom/index.js) to `./lambda/custom/`.

## Running the Demo

To start the demo say "alexa, open button demo".
