feature-demos/alexa-conversations/readme.md, before:

﻿# Alexa Conversations 

This folder contains the nodejs lambda function code for the Intro to Alexa Conversations hosted template available in the Alexa Developer Portal.

# How to use
You should only use this code if you create a new Alexa skill using the Intro to Alexa Conversations template, but decide to host your own endpoint for the skill service.

# Installing the code in your own lambda function
To use this code in your own AWS Lambda function, you will need to login to your AWS account and create a lambda function for NodeJS using the latest version and paste the 3 files into the inline editor or upload a zip file containing the files. For more information on setting up lambda functions for use in Alexa skills, please see our documentation: [Host a Custom Skill as an AWS Lambda Function](https://developer.amazon.com/en-US/docs/alexa/custom-skills/host-a-custom-skill-as-an-aws-lambda-function.html%28https://developer.amazon.com/en-US/docs/alexa/custom-skills/host-a-custom-skill-as-an-aws-lambda-function.html)

Commit message:

Adding self hosted code option for Pizza Ordering skill

feature-demos/alexa-conversations/readme.md, after:

﻿# Alexa Conversations 

This folder contains the nodejs lambda function code for the Intro to Alexa Conversations and the Pizza Reference skill hosted templates available in the Alexa Developer Portal.

# How to use
You should only use this code if you create a new Alexa skill using the Intro to Alexa Conversations template or the Pizza Reference skill, but decide to host your own endpoint for the skill service.

# Installing the code in your own lambda function
To use this code in your own AWS Lambda function, you will need to login to your AWS account and create a lambda function for NodeJS using the latest version and paste the 3 files into the inline editor or upload a zip file containing the files. For more information on setting up lambda functions for use in Alexa skills, please see our documentation: [Host a Custom Skill as an AWS Lambda Function](https://developer.amazon.com/en-US/docs/alexa/custom-skills/host-a-custom-skill-as-an-aws-lambda-function.html%28https://developer.amazon.com/en-US/docs/alexa/custom-skills/host-a-custom-skill-as-an-aws-lambda-function.html)
