tools/APL Design Toolkit/README.md, before:

# APL Design Toolkit

The APL design tools are for the Sketch design program. Download Sketch [here](https://www.sketch.com/).
These tools can help you design the visual display for your skill.

Included in this toolset are the following items:
* Alexa Design System Layouts for APL
* Amazon Typeface files
* Links to download Sketch, Alexa Design System Library (including the Color Palette), and Anima Sketch Plugin

# System Requirements

* Sketch version 55.2 or higher. Download Sketch [here](https://www.sketch.com/)

**Note:** There is currently an issue with Sketch version 58 and our library. If you’ve updated already, the recommended workaround is to downgrade back to Sketch version 57.

* Anima Sketch plugin (free) in order for the library to work. Download Anima [here](https://www.animaapp.com/).

# Installation Instructions

1. Download the Alexa Design System Layouts and Amazon Typefaces files from the links provided here in GitHub.
2. Install the Alexa Design System Library plugin [here](sketch://add-library/?url=https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/ddg-apl-library/Alexa-Design-System-Library-appcast.xml). Clicking this link will automatically start the download to Sketch. Anytime the library is updated, you'll automatically be updated as well so you’ll always have the most recent version.
3. The layouts file utilizes the library. You can either copy and paste artboards from the layouts file or save it as a template (but not a library).

Commit message:

updates to new toolkits and new file structure

tools/APL Design Toolkit/README.md, after:

# Alexa Design System Toolkits
Designing a visual Alexa experience? Use our Sketch and Adobe XD design toolkits to leverage the latest styles, patterns, and components available in Alexa Presentation Language (APL).

## How It Works

The design system toolkits include libraries and templates to design multimodal skills that will be built with APL. These libraries and templates represent the code-backed Alexa Styles and Alexa Layout packages, so the responsive templates and responsive components will automatically adapt to different viewport profiles. And the toolkits will be updated with every major release of APL, so you’ll always have the right tools for your design.

### (Get the Sketch Toolkit) [link to folder]

### (Get the Adobe XD Toolkit) [link to folder]

***

## Additional Resources
Alexa Design Guidelines [https://developer.amazon.com/docs/alexa-design/get-started.html](https://developer.amazon.com/docs/alexa-design/get-started.html)  ]
Learn more about using Sketch  [https://www.sketch.com/docs/](https://www.sketch.com/docs/)
Learn more about using Adobe XD  [https://letsxd.com/ ](https://letsxd.com)
Report bugs or request future Adobe XD features [https://adobexd.uservoice.com/](https://adobexd.uservoice.com)
