feature-demos/skill-demo-device-location/README.md, before:

# Device Location Demo

## What You Will Need
*  [Amazon Developer Account](http://developer.amazon.com/alexa)
*  (Optional) [Amazon Web Services Account](http://aws.amazon.com/)
*  The sample code on [GitHub](https://github.com/alexa/alexa-cookbook/tree/master/feature-demos/skill-demo-device-location/).
*  (Optional) [Maven build tool](https://maven.apache.org/)

## Setting Up the Demo

### Node.js version (default)
This folder contains the interaction model and skill code.  It is structured to make it easy to deploy if you have the ASK CLI already setup.  If you would like to use the Developer Portal, you can follow the steps outlined in the [Hello World](https://github.com/alexa/skill-sample-nodejs-hello-world) example, substituting the [Model](./models/en-US.json) and the [skill code](./lambda/node/index.js) when called for.

### Python version
> Using the Python version requires an AWS Account. These instructions also assume you have the ASK CLI installed and properly initialized (performed using the **ask init** command).

To use the Python version:
1. Rename the **config** file in the **.ask** folder.
    `ren .ask/config config.node`
1. Rename the **config.py** file in the **.ask** folder.
    `ren .ask/config.py config`
1. Modify the **skill.json** file. Change the **sourceDir** value to `custom\py`.
1. Deploy the skill using `ask deploy`.

### Java version
> Using the Java version requires an AWS Account. These instructions also assume you have the ASK CLI installed and properly initialized (performed using the **ask init** command). It also assumes you have Maven installed and working correctly.

To use the Java version:
1. Rename the **config** file in the **.ask** folder.
    `ren .ask/config config.node`
1. Rename the **config.java** file in the **.ask** folder.
    `ren .ask/config.java config`
1. Modify the **skill.json** file. Change the **sourceDir** value to `custom\java`.
1. Build the jar file to upload:
    ```
    cd custom/java
    mvn assembly:assembly -DdescriptorId=jar-with-dependencies package
    ```

## Running the Demo
To start the demo say "alexa open device location demo". Because accessing the device location requires customer consent, once your skill is deployed and enabled, you will need to visit the Alexa app (or http://alexa.amzon.com) to enable the permission. Making a request to the skill will trigger the permissions card, making it easy for you to locate the correct place to enable the required permissions.

Commit message:

updates to java device location demo

feature-demos/skill-demo-device-location/README.md, after:

# Device Location Demo

## What You Will Need
*  [Amazon Developer Account](http://developer.amazon.com/alexa)
*  (Optional) [Amazon Web Services Account](http://aws.amazon.com/)
*  The sample code on [GitHub](https://github.com/alexa/alexa-cookbook/tree/master/feature-demos/skill-demo-device-location/).
*  (Optional) [Maven build tool](https://maven.apache.org/)

## Setting Up the Demo

### Node.js version (default)
This folder contains the interaction model and skill code.  It is structured to make it easy to deploy if you have the ASK CLI already setup.  If you would like to use the Developer Portal, you can follow the steps outlined in the [Hello World](https://github.com/alexa/skill-sample-nodejs-hello-world) example, substituting the [Model](./models/en-US.json) and the [skill code](./lambda/node/index.js) when called for.

### Python version
> Using the Python version requires an AWS Account. These instructions also assume you have the ASK CLI installed and properly initialized (performed using the **ask init** command).

To use the Python version:
1. Rename the **config** file in the **.ask** folder.
    `ren .ask/config config.node`
1. Rename the **config.py** file in the **.ask** folder.
    `ren .ask/config.py config`
1. Modify the **skill.json** file. Change the **sourceDir** value to `custom\py`.
1. Deploy the skill using `ask deploy`.

### Java version
> Using the Java version requires an AWS Account. It also assumes you have Maven installed and working correctly.

To use the Java version:
1. Create the skill in a manner similar to the process described in the [Java Fact Sample Skill](https://github.com/alexa/skill-sample-java-fact#setup), with the following adjustments.
    * Use `512 MB` for the Lambda function's **Memory** setting.
    * Use `com.amazon.ask.demo.DeviceLocation.DeviceLocationDemoStreamHandler` as the **Handler**.
1. Build the jar file to upload:
    ```
    cd custom/java
    mvn assembly:assembly -DdescriptorId=jar-with-dependencies package
    ```
> Remember to configure the Alexa Skills Kit trigger on the Lambda function.

## Running the Demo
To start the demo say "alexa open device location demo". Because accessing the device location requires customer consent, once your skill is deployed and enabled, you will need to visit the Alexa app (or http://alexa.amzon.com) to enable the permission. Making a request to the skill will trigger the permissions card, making it easy for you to locate the correct place to enable the required permissions.
